>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we wanna have a smarter recommendation
engine to power our morning routine,
right?
Optimal success, that's the goal.
We need to have breakfast.
So we need to model our data better
to give us these recommendations.
So the natural choice for
this is gonna be a graph, right?
So we have many preferences with
relationships to one another.
So graphs show relationships of
things to other things, right?
We draw that with circles and lines, but
we'll see what that looks like in code and
a little bit.
But first,
let's take a stab at drawing a graph.
So get your paper back out, and
we have three friends here.
First one is me,
I like coffee, toast, and tea.
And we have another friend,
she likes coffee, eggs, and tea.
And then I have another friend,
our friend,
he likes coffee, iced tea, and also eggs.
So let's take a stab at
what this might look like,
drawn out with relationships.
Just guess, it doesn't have to be right.
Some things to consider is, do you want
to include the people on this graph?
Do you wanna exclude them?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
I guess that's the main thing and why?
So here I am, I am just putting the toast.
So I just kinda changed this where I'm
thinking about excluding the people.
We'll talk about like why or why not,
but let's just draw out the food
relationship and we'll talk about
in a few minutes why or why not.
We may want to exclude or
include the people.
So I like coffee, I also like toast.
We draw a line, right?
We've been doing this for a while.
If you've been taking data structures and
algorithms, we put a thing,
we put a thing, and we draw a line.
And we draw another line, right?
And we keep doing this until we have
a bunch of lines connecting our nodes.
Except this is a graph, so
we call these vertices.
So a node in a graph, it's called
a vertex, you could call it a node, but
it's called a vertex.
And the relationships
represented by the line
is called an edge, and
so it's interesting.
Think in your head like what that could
look like in code, just think about it.
>> Speaker 2: Only coffee is
connected to toast and egg and
iced tea
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
what's the question exactly?
>> Speaker 2: I mean I'm just saying that
information we need to put into that
graph.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, it's definitely
like something we would need to store.
Definitely we need to know,
we've had to store the objects and
then we have to store the relationships.
Yeah, but the thing about what else
I wanna tell you about graphs.
There's so much to say.
We can just keep it like this.
>> Speaker 3: Can you
add other categories?
It can be food and
drink or [INAUDIBLE] or?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You could,
I mean that's the cool thing actually that
I should say about graphs is that is so
flexible and
there in lies the power, right?
Because we could put people and
food in it,
you can do some really cool
stuff based on all of that.
You can model a lot of real
life things with a graph.
From maps, Google Maps, totally a graph.
Even modeling like in
Princeton's computer science
algorithms one class,
they talk about this percolation.
So they model gravel,
a rock in space, as a graph.
And you can find the path to
see how the water runs through,
if it is permeable or not.
So you can model,
literally rocks in spaces,
to see if water can run through.
Also, genetics and stuff like that.
So graph theory as of subject, it's huge.
There's so
many things that you can do with it.
Today, we'll just learn the very first
things that you need to know, and
then you can go online and
read about all the cool stuff.